Grids: describe `columnChooser.container` (#5482)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/GridBase/1 Configuration/columnChooser/container.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Specifies a container in which the column chooser should be rendered.

---
Use this property if you need to change the element in which the column chooser is rendered. For example, if your component is inside the Popup, set this property to popup container.

---
##### jQuery

    <!--JavaScript-->
    $(function(){
        $("#{widgetName}").dx{WidgetName}({
            // ...
            columnChooser: {
                // ...
                container: "#popupContainer"
            },
        })
    });

##### Angular

    <!-- tab: app.component.html -->
    <dx-{widget-name} ... >
        <dxo-column-chooser container="#popupContainer" >
        </dxo-column-chooser>
    </dx-{widget-name}>

    <!-- tab: app.component.ts -->

>     import { Component } from '@angular/core'; 

Reviewer: Maybe import the used component here? Similar in the [Column Chooser](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Columns/Column_Chooser/) help topic (Angular tab):
> import { DxDataGridModule } from "devextreme-angular";

---
---
##### shortDescription
Specifies a container in which the column chooser should be rendered.

---

> Use this property if you need to change the element in which the column chooser is rendered. For example, if your component is inside the Popup, set this property to popup container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use this property if you need to change the element in which the column chooser is rendered. For example, if your component is inside the Popup, set this property to 'popup container'.
```
